Added examples to Terra-Text for Date and Time format (#3777)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fixed
>   * UI text for date and hour format to be read correctly by the screen readers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Added
  * Additional examples for `terra-text` to demonstrate valid date and time formats.
  
```

>   * Additional examples for `terra-text` to demonstrate valid date and time formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added examples for `terra-text` to demonstrate valid date and time formats.
```
